Add minutes from 2020-08-26 (#1145)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: src/orga/minutes/2020-08-26.md

## Attendees
 
## Agenda

### Standing items

* [x] intros for new folks on the call
* [x] (CJ) budget
    * current approvals are all up to date.
    * screenshare and show the doc monthly?

### Your new agenda items

stuff from last time

* [x] (MRB) shall we merge this (https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/pull/1139)?
    * PR is on supported python versions
    * waiting on isuru

* [x] (ED) Sylvain: Any updates from OVH on the windows VM?
    * TODO: keep checking in on this
    * OVH will want their brand on our page somewhere.
    * TODO
        * [ ] (???) build webpage to credit them (and others)
        * If we're adding a logo, will want to make sure that we have permission to use it.
        * Shout-out on twitter at some point. "Thanks forOVHCloud for providing a VM", etc. (maybe after we ship qt on windows with it?)

* [x] (AS) qgpu - GPU build agents. 
    * Drone or Azure? Drone is a simple go executable and you can run it in docker. Azure build agent is heavy weight?
    * Pick one and go
    * Waiting on Anthony to have some spare time.
    * JH: Github actions has a runner
    * AS: Happy to try any and all solutions

>     * MRB: Rerendering can't push changes to workflow files in feedstocks. There's not a feasible workaround for this atm. Currently working with github on trying to fix this, but it's not going very well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * MRB: Rerendering can't push changes to workflow files in feedstocks. There's not a feasible workaround for this atm. Currently working with github on trying to fix this, but it's not going quickly.
```
